* <b id="csdoc_author">last</b>: Surname of a single author. Do not wikilink—use '''author-link''' instead. For corporate authors or authors for whom only one name is listed by the source, use '''last''' or one of its aliases (e.g. {{para|author|Bono}}). Aliases: '''surname''', '''author''', '''last1''', '''surname1''', '''author1'''{{#if:{{{aliases|}}}|, {{{aliases}}}}}.
** '''author''': this parameter is used to hold the complete name of a single author (first and last) or to hold the name of a corporate author.  This parameter should never hold the names of more than one author. Do not wikilink—use '''author-link''' instead.
** '''first''': Given or first names of author; for example: ''Firstname Middlename'' or ''Firstname M.'' or ''Firstname M., Sr.'' Do not wikilink—use '''author-link''' instead. Aliases: '''given''', '''first1''', '''given1'''. Requires '''last'''; first name will not display if '''last''' is empty. 
** OR: for multiple authors, use '''last1''', '''first1''' through '''last<var>n</var>''', '''first<var>n</var>''', where ''n'' is any consecutive number for an unlimited number of authors (each '''first<var>n</var>''' requires a corresponding '''last<var>n</var>''', but not the other way around). {{Crossref|See the [[#csdoc_display|'''display''']] parameters to change how many authors are displayed.}} Aliases: '''surname1''', '''given1''' through '''surname<var>n</var>''', '''given<var>n</var>''', or '''author1''' through '''author<var>n</var>'''.  For an individual author plus an institutional author, you can use {{para|first1|...}}{{para|last1|...}}{{para|author2|...}}.
** '''author-link''': Title of existing Wikipedia article about the author—not the author's website; do not wikilink. Aliases: '''author-link1''', '''authorlink''', '''authorlink1''', '''author1-link''', '''author1link'''.
**OR: for multiple authors, use '''author-link1''' through '''author-link<var>n</var>'''. Aliases: '''authorlink1''' through '''authorlink<var>n</var>''', or '''author1-link''' through '''author<var>n</var>-link''', or '''author1link''' through '''author<var>n</var>link'''.
**'''name-list-format''': displays authors and editors in [[Vancouver style]] when set to <code>vanc</code> and when the list uses <code>last</code>/<code>first</code> parameters for the name list(s).
*'''vauthors''': comma-separated list of author names in [[Vancouver style]]; enclose corporate or institutional author names in doubled parentheses:
*:{{para|vauthors|Smythe JB, ((Megabux Corp.))}}
** '''author-link''' and '''author-mask''' may be used for the individual names in {{para|vauthors}} as described above{{#if:{{{limited_param_list|}}}||
*'''authors''': Free-form list of author names; use of this parameter is discouraged because it does not contribute to a citation's metadata; not an alias of '''last'''.}}{{#if: {{{contributor|}}}|
* '''contributor-last''': (book cites only) surname of the author of '''contribution''' (which is required). Aliases:  '''contributor-surname''', '''contributor1''', '''contributor1-last''', '''contributor-last1'''.
**'''contributor-first''': Given or first names of contributor. Do not wikilink—use '''contributor-link''' instead. Aliases:  '''contributor-given''', '''contributor1-first''', '''contributor-first1'''.
** OR: for multiple contributors, use '''contributor-last1''', '''contributor-first1''' through '''contributor-last<var>n</var>''', '''contributor-first<var>n</var>''' where ''n'' is any consecutive number for an unlimited number of contributors (each '''contributor-first<var>n</var>''' requires a corresponding '''contributor-last<var>n</var>''', but not the other way around). Aliases: '''contributor1-last''', '''contributor1-first''' through '''contributor<var>n</var>-last''', '''contributor<var>n</var>-first''', or '''contributor1''' through '''contributor<var>n</var>'''.
** '''contributor-link''': Title of existing Wikipedia article about the contributor—not the contributor's website; do not wikilink. Aliases: '''contributor-link1''', '''contributor1-link'''.
**OR: for multiple contributors, use '''contributor-link1''' through '''contributor-link<var>n</var>'''. Aliases: '''contributor1-link''' through '''contributor<var>n</var>-link'''.}}{{#if:{{{limited_param_list|}}}||
* <b id="csdoc_translator">translator-last</b>: Surname of translator. Do not wikilink—use '''translator-link''' instead. Aliases:  '''translator-surname''', '''translator1''', '''translator1-last''', '''translator-last1'''.
**'''translator-first''': Given or first names of translator. Do not wikilink—use '''translator-link''' instead. Aliases:  '''translator-given''', '''translator1-first''', '''translator-first1'''.
** OR: for multiple translators, use '''translator-last1''', '''translator-first1''' through '''translator-last<var>n</var>''', '''translator-first<var>n</var>''', where ''n'' is any consecutive number for an unlimited number of translators (each '''translator-first<var>n</var>''' requires a corresponding '''translator-last<var>n</var>''', but not the other way around). Aliases: '''translator1-last''', '''translator1-first''' through '''translator<var>n</var>-last''', '''translator<var>n</var>-first''', or '''translator1''' through '''translator<var>n</var>'''.
** '''translator-link''': Title of existing Wikipedia article about the translator—not the translator's website; do not wikilink. Aliases: '''translator-link1''', '''translator1-link'''.
**OR: for multiple translators, use '''translator-link1''' through '''translator-link<var>n</var>'''. Aliases: '''translator1-link''' through '''translator<var>n</var>-link'''.}}
* <b id="csdoc_collaboration">collaboration</b>: Name of a group of authors or collaborators; requires '''author''', '''last''', or '''vauthors''' listing one or more primary authors; follows author name-list; appends "et al." to author name-list.{{#if: {{{others|}}}|
* <b id="csdoc_others">others</b>: To record other contributors to the work, including illustrators. For the parameter value, write ''Illustrated by John Smith''.}}
*Note: When using {{sfnote|lc=y}} or {{paren|lc=y}} styles with templates, do not use multiple names in one field, or else the anchor will not match the inline link.