These identifiers create links and are designed to accept a single value. Using multiple values or other text will break the link and/or invalidate the identifier. In general, the parameters should include only the variable part of the identifier, e.g. <code>|rfc=822</code> or <code>|pmc=345678</code>.

When an URL is equivalent to the link produced by the corresponding identifier (such as a [[Digital object identifier|DOI]]), don't add it to any URL parameter but use the appropriate identifier parameter, which is more stable and may allow to specify the [[help:Citation_Style_1#Registration_or_subscription_required|access status]]. The {{para|url}} parameter or title link can then be used for its prime purpose of providing a [[Wikipedia:Citing_sources#Convenience_links|convenience link]] to an [[open access]] copy (as in, at least accessible to everyone for free) which would not otherwise be obviously accessible.<ref name=NotRef>{{NotRef}}</ref><!-- See also [[Wikipedia:Village_pump_(proposals)/Archive_167#Auto-linking_titles_in_citations_of_works_with_free-to-read_DOIs]] by some users at [[Special:PermaLink/962526970#June_2020]] -->

* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|ARXIV|id=csdoc_arxiv}}: [[arXiv]] [https://arxiv.org/help/arxiv_identifier identifier]; for example: <code>|arxiv=hep-th/9205027</code> (before April 2007) or <code>|arxiv=0706.0001</code> (April 2007 – December 2014) or <code>|arxiv=1501.00001</code> (since January 2015). Do not include extraneous file extensions like ".pdf" or ".html".  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|ARXIV}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|ASIN|id=csdoc_asin}}: [[Amazon Standard Identification Number]]; if first character of {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|ASIN}} value is a digit, use {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|ISBN}}. Because this link favours one specific distributor, include it only if standard identifiers are not available. Example <code>|asin=B00005N5PF</code>.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|ASIN}}.
** {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|ASINTLD|id=csdoc_asin-tld}}: ASIN top-level domain for Amazon sites other than the US; valid values: <code>au</code>, <code>br</code>, <code>ca</code>, <code>cn</code>, <code>co.jp</code>, <code>co.uk</code>, <code>de</code>, <code>es</code>, <code>fr</code>, <code>it</code>, <code>mx</code>.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|ASINTLD}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|BIBCODE|id=csdoc_bibcode}}: [[bibcode]]; used by a number of astronomical data systems; for example: <code>1974AJ.....79..819H</code>.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|BIBCODE}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|BIORXIV|id=csdoc_biorxiv}}: [[bioRxiv]] id, a 6-digit number at the end of the biorXiv URL (e.g. <code>078733</code> for http://biorxiv.org/content/early/2016/10/01/078733 or https://dx.doi.org/10.1101/078733).  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|BIORXIV}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|CITESEERX|id=csdoc_citeseerx}}: [[CiteSeerX]] id, a string of digits and dots found in a CiteSeerX URL (e.g. <code>10.1.1.176.341</code> for http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.176.341).  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|CITESEERX}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|DOI|id=csdoc_doi}}: [[Digital object identifier]]; for example: <code>10.1038/news070508-7</code>. It is checked to ensure it begins with ({{code|10.}}).  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|DOI}}.
** {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|DoiBroken|id=csdoc_doi_brokendate}}: Date the DOI was found to be non-working at https://dx.doi.org. Use the same format as other dates in the article.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|DoiBroken}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|EISSN|id=csdoc_eissn}}: [[International Standard Serial Number]] for the electronic media of a serial publication; eight characters may be split into two groups of four using a [[hyphen]], but not an [[dash#En dash|en dash]] or a space; example <code>|eissn=1557-2986</code>.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|EISSN}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|HDL|id=csdoc_hdl}}: [[Handle System]] identifier for digital objects and other resources on the Internet; example <code>|hdl=20.1000/100</code>.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|HDL}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|ISBN|id=csdoc_isbn}}: [[International Standard Book Number]]; for example: <code>978-0-8126-9593-9</code>. {{crossref|(See [[Wikipedia:ISBN]] and {{section link|ISBN|Overview}}.)}} Hyphens in the ISBN are optional, but preferred. Use the ISBN actually printed on or in the book. Use the 13-digit ISBN – beginning with 978 or 979 – when it is available. If only a 10-digit ISBN is printed on or in the book, use it. ISBNs can be found on the page with the publisher's information – usually the back of the title page – or beneath the barcode as a number beginning with 978 or 979 (barcodes beginning with any other numbers are not ISBNs). For sources with the older 9-digit SBN system, use {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|SBN}}. Do not convert a 10-digit ISBN to 13-digit by just adding the 978 prefix; the last digit is a calculated check digit and just making changes to the numbers will make the ISBN invalid. This parameter should hold only the ISBN without {{em|any}} additional characters. It is checked for length, invalid characters – anything other than numbers, spaces, and hyphens, with "X" permitted as the last character in a 10-digit ISBN – and the proper check digit.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|ISBN}}.
** {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|IgnoreISBN|id=csdoc_ignore-isbnerror}}: In very rare cases, actually used ISBNs (as printed on books) do not follow the standard checksum algorithm. In order to suppress the error message, the {{para|ignore-isbn-error|true}} parameter can be used to disable the checksum check in these cases. If the problem is down to a mere typographical error in a third-party source, correct the ISBN instead of overriding the error message.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|IgnoreISBN}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|ISMN|id=csdoc_ismn}}: [[International Standard Music Number]]; for example: <code>979-0-9016791-7-7</code>. [[Hyphens]] or spaces in the ISMN are optional. Use the ISMN actually printed on or in the work. This parameter should hold only the ISMN without ''any'' additional characters. It is checked for length, invalid characters – anything other than numbers, spaces, and hyphens – and the proper check digit.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|ISMN}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|ISSN|id=csdoc_issn}}: [[International Standard Serial Number]]; eight characters may be split into two groups of four using a [[hyphen]], but not an [[dash#En dash|en dash]] or a space; example <code>|issn=2049-3630</code>.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|ISSN}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|JFM|id=csdoc_jfm}}: {{lang|de|[[Jahrbuch über die Fortschritte der Mathematik]]}}; example <code>|jfm=53.0144.01</code>.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|JFM}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|JSTOR|id=csdoc_jstor}}: [[JSTOR]] reference number; for example: <code>|jstor=3793107</code> will generate [[JSTOR]] [https://www.jstor.org/stable/3793107 3793107].  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|JSTOR}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|LCCN|id=csdoc_lccn}}: [[Library of Congress Control Number]]. When present, alphabetic prefix characters are to be lower case; example <code>|lccn=2004042477</code>.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|LCCN}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|MR|id=csdoc_mr}}: [[Mathematical Reviews]]; example <code>|mr=630583</code>.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|MR}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|OCLC|id=csdoc_oclc}}: [[Wikipedia:OCLC|OCLC]]; WorldCat's Online Computer Library Center; example <code>|oclc=9355469</code>.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|OCLC}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|OL|id=csdoc_ol}}: [[Open Library]] identifier; do not include "OL" in the value; example <code>|ol=7030731M</code>.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|OL}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|OSTI|id=csdoc_osti}}: [[Office of Scientific and Technical Information]]; example <code>|osti=4367507</code>.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|OSTI}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|PMC|id=csdoc_pmc}}: [[PubMed Central]]; use article number for [[open repository]] full-text of a journal article, e.g. <code>|pmc=345678</code>. Do not include "PMC" in the value. {{crossref|See also the {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|PMID}} parameter, below; these are two different identifiers.}}.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|PMC}}.
** {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|Embargo|id=csdoc_Embargo}}: Date that {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|PMC}} goes live; if this date is in the future, then {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|PMC}} is not linked until that date.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|Embargo}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|PMID|id=csdoc_pmid}}: [[PubMed]]; use unique identifier; example <code>|pmid=17322060</code> {{crossref|See also the {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|PMC}} parameter, above; these are two different identifiers.}}  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|PMID}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|RFC|id=csdoc_rfc}}: [[Request for Comments]]; example <code>|rfc=3143</code>.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|RFC}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|SBN|id=csdoc_sbn}}: [[Standard Book Number]]; example <code>|sbn=356-02201-3</code>.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|SBN}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|SSRN|id=csdoc_ssrn}}: [[Social Science Research Network]]; example <code>|ssrn=1900856</code>.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|SSRN}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|S2CID|id=csdoc_s2cid}}: [[Semantic Scholar]] corpus ID; example <code>|s2cid=37220927</code>.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|S2CID}}.
* {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|canonical_name_get|ZBL|id=csdoc_zbl}}: {{lang|de|[[Zentralblatt MATH]]|italic=no}}; example <code>|zbl=0472.53010</code> For zbMATH search results like <code>JFM 35.0387.02</code> use <code>|jfm=35.0387.02</code>.  Aliases: {{#invoke:cs1 documentation support|alias_names_get|ZBL}}.