* <b id="csdoc_work">work</b> (required by {{tlx|cite journal}} and {{tlx|cite magazine}}): Name of the work containing the source; may be wikilinked if relevant. Displays in italics. Aliases: '''journal''', '''newspaper''', '''magazine''', '''periodical''', '''website'''. Use [[Latin script]]. For languages written in non-Latin based scripts (Arabic, Chinese, Cyrillic, Greek, Hebrew, Indic, Japanese, Korean, etc.) use a standard [[WP:ROMAN|Romanization]] in this field. 
**<b id="csdoc_script-work">script-work</b>: Work title in its original, non-Latin script; not italicized, follows italicized Romanization defined in '''work'''.  Must be prefixed with an [[List of ISO 639-1 codes|ISO 639-1]] two-character code to help browsers properly display the script. Leave empty for Latin-based scripts (Czech, French, Turkish, Vietnamese, etc.). Aliases: '''script-journal''', '''script-newspaper''', '''script-magazine''', '''script-periodical''', '''script-website'''.
** '''trans-work''': English translation of the work title if the source cited is in a foreign language. Displays in square brackets after '''work''' or '''script-work'''.  Aliases: '''trans-journal''', '''trans-newspaper''', '''trans-magazine''', '''trans-periodical''', '''trans-website'''.{{#ifeq:{{{issue|}}}|no||
**:<code><nowiki>... |work=Zhōngguó piàofáng |script-work=zh:中国票房 |trans-work=China Box Office ...</nowiki></code>
** <b id="csdoc_issue">issue</b>: When the publication is one of a series that is published periodically. Alias: '''number'''. When the issue has a special title of its own, this may be given, in italics, along with the issue number, e.g. {{para|issue|2, <nowiki>''Modern Canadian Literature''</nowiki>}}. {{#if:{{{magazine|}}}|Prefixed with 'No. '|Displayed in parentheses}} following '''volume'''.}}{{#if:{{{department|}}}|
** <b id="csdoc_department">department</b>: Title of a regular department, [[column (periodical)|column]], or section within the periodical or journal. Examples include "Communication", "Editorial", "Letter to the Editor", and "Review". Displays after '''title''' and is in plain text.}}
:When set, '''work''' changes the formatting of other parameters in the same citation:
:: '''title''' is not italicized and is enclosed in quotes.
:: '''chapter''' does not display (and will produce an error message).