* <b id="csdoc_url">url</b>: URL of an online location where the {{#if:{{{media|}}}|media|text of the publication}} named by '''title''' can be found. Cannot be used if '''title''' is wikilinked. If applicable, the link may point to the specific page(s) referenced. Remove tracking parameters from URLs, e.g. <code>#ixzz2rBr3aO94</code> or {{nowrap|<code><nowiki>?utm_source=google&utm_medium=...&utm_term=...&utm_campaign=...</nowiki></code>}}. {{crossref|For linking to pages in PDF files or in Google Books, see [[WP:PAGELINKS]].}} Do not link to any commercial booksellers, such as [[Amazon (company)|Amazon]]; use {{para|isbn}} or {{para|oclc}} to provide neutral search links for books. Invalid URLs, including those containing spaces, will result in an error message.
** <b id="csdoc_accessdate">access-date</b>: Full date when the content pointed to by '''url''' was last verified to support the text in the article; do not wikilink; requires '''url'''; use the same format as other access and archive dates in the citations.{{r|date|group=date}} ''Not required for linked documents that do not change.'' For example, '''access-date''' is required for online sources, such as personal websites, that do not have a publication date; see [[WP:CITEWEB]]. Access dates are not required for links to published research papers, published books, or news articles with publication dates. Note that '''access-date''' is the date that the URL was found to be working and to support the text being cited. See [[#csdoc_auto-date-format|"Automatic date formatting"]] above for details about interaction with {{tlx|use dmy dates}} and {{tlx|use mdy dates}}. Can be [[Help:Citation Style 1/accessdate|hidden or styled]] by registered editors. Alias: '''accessdate'''.
** <b id="csdoc_archiveurl">archive-url</b>: The URL of an [[Web archiving|archived]] snapshot of a web page. Typically used to refer to services such as [[Internet Archive]] {{crossref|(see [[Wikipedia:Using the Wayback Machine]])}}, [[WebCite]] {{crossref|(see [[Wikipedia:Using WebCite]])}} and [[archive.is]] {{crossref|(see [[Wikipedia:Using archive.is]])}}; requires '''archive-date''' and '''url'''. By default (overridden by {{para|url-status|live}}) the archived link is displayed first, with the original link at the end. Alias: '''archiveurl'''.
*** <b id="csdoc_archivedate">archive-date</b>: Archive-service snapshot-date; preceded in display by default text "archived from the original on". Use the same format as other access and archive dates in the citations. This does not necessarily have to be the same format that was used for citing publication dates.{{r|date|group=date}} Do not wikilink; templated dates are discouraged. See [[#csdoc_auto-date-format|"Automatic date formatting"]] above for details about interaction with {{tlx|use dmy dates}} and {{tlx|use mdy dates}}. Alias: '''archivedate'''.
*** <b id="csdoc_urlstatus">url-status</b>: this optional parameter is ignored if '''archive-url''' is not set. If omitted, or with null value, the default value is {{para|url-status|dead}}.  When the URL is still live, but pre-emptively archived, then set {{para|url-status|live}}; this changes the display order, with the title retaining the original link and the archive linked at the end. When the original URL has been usurped for the purposes of spam, advertising, or is otherwise unsuitable, setting {{para|url-status|unfit}} or {{para|url-status|usurped}} suppresses display of the original URL (but {{para|url}} and {{para|archive-url}} are still required).
*** <b id="csdoc_archive_format">archive-format</b>: File format of the work referred to by '''archive-url'''; for example: PDF, DOC, or XLS; displayed in parentheses after the archive link.  HTML is implied and should not be specified. File format annotation is automatically rendered when a PDF icon is displayed. Does not change the [[Help:External link icons|external link icon]]. Note: External link icons do not include [[Wikipedia:ALT|alt text]]; thus, they do not add file format information for the visually impaired.  {{crossref|See [[Help:Citation_Style_1#Using_{{pipe}}format=|Using {{pipe}}format=]]}}
** <b id="csdoc_url_access">url-access</b>: {{crossref|See [[#Access indicators for url-holding parameters|Access indicators for url-holding parameters]]}}
** <b id="csdoc_template doc demo">template-doc-demo</b>: The archive parameters will be error-checked to ensure that all the required parameters are included, or else {{tl|citation error}} is invoked. With errors, main, help and template pages are placed into one of the subcategories of [[:Category:Articles with incorrect citation syntax]]. Set {{para|template-doc-demo|true}} to disable categorization; mainly used for documentation where the error is demonstrated. Alias: '''no-cat'''.
* <b id="csdoc_format">format</b>: File format of the work referred to by '''url'''; for example: PDF, DOC, or XLS; displayed in parentheses after '''title'''. (For media format, use '''type'''.) HTML is implied and should not be specified. File format annotation is automatically rendered when a PDF icon is displayed. Does not change the [[Help:External link icons|external link icon]]. Note: External link icons do not include [[Wikipedia:ALT|alt text]]; thus, they do not add file format information for the visually impaired.  {{crossref|See [[Help:Citation_Style_1#Using_{{pipe}}format=|Using {{pipe}}format=]]}}
{{MediaWiki URL rules}}
{{reflist|group=date|refs=<ref name=date>Access-date and archive-date in references should all have the same format – either the format used for publication dates, or YYYY-MM-DD. {{crossref|See [[MOS:DATEUNIFY]].}}</ref>}}