* <b id="csdoc_publisher">publisher</b>: Name of publisher; may be wikilinked if relevant. The [[publisher]] is the {{em|company}} that publishes the work being cited. Do {{em|not}} use the '''publisher''' parameter for the name of a work (e.g. a website, book, encyclopedia, newspaper, magazine, journal, etc.). Corporate designations such as "Ltd", "Inc.", or "GmbH" are not usually included. Not normally used for periodicals. Omit where the publisher's name is substantially the same as the name of the work (for example, The New York Times Co. publishes ''The New York Times'' newspaper, so there is no reason to name the publisher). Displays after '''title'''.
* <span id="csdoc_location"></span><b id="csdoc_place">place</b>: For news stories with a [[dateline]], that is, the location where the story was written. In earlier versions of the template this was the publication place, and for compatibility, will be treated as the publication place if the publication-place parameter is absent; see that parameter for further information. Alias: '''location'''
* <b id="csdoc_publication-place">publication-place</b>: Geographical place of publication; generally not wikilinked; omit when the name of the work includes the publication place; examples: ''The Boston Globe'', ''The Times of India''. Displays after the title. If only one of '''publication-place''', '''place''', or '''location''' is defined, it will be treated as the publication place and will show after the title; if '''publication-place''' and '''place''' or '''location''' are defined, then '''place''' or '''location''' is shown before the title prefixed with "written at" and '''publication-place''' is shown after the title.
* <b id="csdoc_publication-date">publication-date</b>: Date of publication when different from the date the work was written. Displays only if '''year''' or '''date''' are defined and only if different, else '''publication-date''' is used and displayed as '''date'''.  Use the same format as other dates in the article; do not wikilink. Follows '''publisher'''; if '''work''' is not defined, then '''publication-date''' is preceded by "published" and enclosed in parenthesis.
* <b id="csdoc_via">via</b>: Name of the content deliverer (if ''different'' from '''publisher'''). '''via''' is not a replacement for '''publisher''', but provides additional detail. It may be used when the content deliverer presents the source in a format other than the original (e.g. [[NewsBank]]), when the URL provided does not make clear the identity of the deliverer, where no URL or DOI is available (EBSCO), or if the deliverer requests attribution. {{crossref|See the [[#csdoc_access_level|'''access level''']] parameters to display access restrictions.}}