* <b id="csdoc_page">page</b>: The number of a single page in the source that supports the content. Use either {{para|page}} or {{para|pages}}, but not both. Displays preceded by {{#if:{{{journal|}}}|colon ({{code|:}})|{{code|p.}} unless {{para|nopp|y}}{{#if: {{{work|}}}|&#32;or '''work''' (or an [[#csdoc_work|alias]]) is defined}}}}. If hyphenated, use {{tl|hyphen}} to indicate this is intentional (e.g. {{para|page|<nowiki>3{{hyphen}}12</nowiki>}}), otherwise several editors and semi-automated tools will assume this was a misuse of the parameter to indicate a page range and will convert {{para|page|<nowiki>3-12</nowiki>}} to {{para|pages|<nowiki>3{{ndash}}12</nowiki>}}.
*OR: <b id="csdoc_pages">pages</b>: A range of pages in the source that supports the content. Use either {{para|page}} or {{para|pages}}, but not both. Separate using an en dash (–); separate non-sequential pages with a comma (,); do not use to indicate the total number of pages in the source. Displays preceded by {{#if:{{{journal|}}}|colon ({{code|:}})|{{code|pp.}} unless {{para|nopp|y}}{{#if: {{{work|}}}|&#32;or '''work''' (or an [[#csdoc_work|alias]]) is defined}}}}. <br/>Hyphens are automatically converted to en dashes; if hyphens are appropriate because individual page numbers contain hyphens, for example: pp. 3-1–3-15, use double parentheses to tell the template to display the value of {{para|pages}} without processing it, and use {{tl|hyphen}} to indicate to editors that a hyphen is really intended: {{para|pages|<nowiki>((3{{hyphen}}1{{ndash}}3{{hyphen}}15))</nowiki>}}. Alternatively, use {{para|at}}, like this: {{para|at|pp. 3-1&amp;ndash;3-15}}.
{{#if:{{{journal|}}}||**<b id="csdoc_nopp">nopp</b>: Set to <var>y</var>, <var>yes</var>, or <var>true</var> to suppress the {{code|p.}} or {{code|pp.}} notations where this is inappropriate; for example, where {{para|page|Front cover}} or {{para|pages|[[passim]]}}.}}
*OR: <b id="csdoc_at">at</b>: For sources where a page number is inappropriate or insufficient. Overridden by {{para|page}} or {{para|pages}}. Use only one of {{para|page}}, {{para|pages}}, or {{para|at}}.
:Examples: page (p.) or pages (pp.); section (sec.), column (col.), paragraph (para.); track; hours, minutes and seconds; act, scene, canto, book, part, folio, stanza, back cover, liner notes, indicia, colophon, dust jacket, verse.